Simple idea here, investigate whether or not selling and walking away on the weekends and re-buying on Mon/Tuesday would net you a lucrative yield
* It's ok if it doesn't always work so long as over the long term you do get a yield in the asset
* You can layer in buys throughout the weekend, say 2% below. As the start of the week draws nigh, you would buy back in, this way if we have a massive dump weekend, you would gain even more which would offset losing weekends
* If it goes up, you'd be in cash anyway, so this isn't so bad as you maintain your cash amount and maintain a focus on fiat value while at the same time riding the market during weeks (win or lose) so that you would essentially be at the whims of the market asset-wise during the week and open to gains asset-wise if the weekends are dumpy
* Can be further extrapolated to keep stats on days of the week over time and do weight sells/buys simply based on that. Might be the type of thing good for an AI in that parameters would be day of the week, current price level, recent and long-term trend, etc. in order to create a probability matrix for each day and what to do plus know when not to do anything. The goal wouldn't be so much to predict or time the market but more to find patterns by time + distance in order to ease up or load up on positioning. The AI could be used to determine the ratio for a constant mix or the floor and multiplier for Constant-Proportion Portfolio Insurance (CPPI) i.e. multiplier * (total assets value - floor) (see: https://sekniqi.com/dynamic-portfolio-management/)

The same idea would work for a more generalized strategy of lowering inventory when the market is trending down roughly or not doing much and constantly re-buying batches lower. This last sentence there, that hits me in the **FEELS**. Something about that triggered that little voice in me, in a good way, a very good way. There is something here more than worth exploring. Let's think about it "some" then figure out the quickest way to dive in and test the thesis without having it completely worked out ahead of time