* This idea is similar to the mean reversion idea. The basic being that I'm ok holding spot but if I can make a yield while doing so then great
* Looking at the futures on Bitget and comparing to spot, they trade at a premium (con tango) and I assume sometimes in backwardation as well
* So one basic idea is to use this as the mean reversion strategy but having risk managed because I've got the position on spot then short an equal amount using the futures. This way I actually remain flat and am seeking to close the short in profit
* If I never get a chance to close the short then I can hold it till expiry knowing that I'll be able to sell the spot and close the short at almost the same price and limit the loss
* If I do get to close the short then I am now holding inventory. I could put the short back on higher or if the spread opens up wider, I could seek to put on another short, even if at a lower price but at a greater spread difference with spot. Closing both legs later would diminish the original loss or hold till expiration and take the smaller loss then. Things could possibly go into backwardation and I could possibly close at breakeven or in profit
* Another option is to couple this with a long only strategy or trend following. In trend following I'd be fully long if the trend is up and maybe using 20 ~ 30% value I would short at certain points possibly scaling in partially instead of in one go. Closing the short(s) in profit basically get me back to the original long spot only position but with now some profit in $. It might even be the case that I make enough $ to then write off the spot position as free and keep the asset. Or I write off the part of the asset that is covered by profits as free so that when I do sell eventually, I could keep that part in the asset. I could do that partially too, 50% of profit stays in the asset and 50% goes to cash
* As you can see there are lots of possibilities
* I was tempted to have a go at this but given it's pretty technical and not something I would want to do manually, it's better to code it. This highlights the need for a good base of code that can allow me to throw ideas at it and test easily on the fly. This futures arb idea for instance, seeing it play out in numbers and on a chart would be great for coming up with a strategy as I imagine seeing it would show me things that just thinking about it in theory doesn't
* I have other strategy ideas as well so again, the priority right now should be to build up that codebase to be able to try ideas more easily