* I'm listening to chat with traders podcast episode 173 "Michael Katz - Riding Price Action - A Complete Breakdown of the Lyft IPO"
* It reminded me of my days hedging
* I did have a hedging strategy that on paper seemed like it could make money. I tried it on FTX and it didn't but I didn't run it for very long and there were issues with being able to get orders in properly given the quirks of FTX's QuantZone
* When I traded manually, I found hedging to give me peace of mind. Different from just closing the position out because if one side goes into profit, it "feels" like it gives you a chance to parlay that into more profits
* I know from thinking this through that there is no difference between that and outright closing the position out and putting it on again, whether short or long
* Still though, there is something to this idea that I still can't shake, even after all these years
* So anyway, listening to this guy's trade, even though he wasn't quite hedging but rather closing out his short partially and then putting it back on, in essence it's the same idea. In fact, this is exactly what I mean with the strategy idea here, not the idea of having a long and a short so much as closing out a position partially then putting it back on
* So, the idea ->
* Let's say the trend following HULL daily has you long
* Let's say we target being able to hedge out 30% of that position in order to get some yield through swing trading
* So you're long and somehow have some target or indicator for taking "profits". You short at those levels, you can do this slowly since your core trend is still long and your goal here is to juice your profits and avoid giving them back so there's no need to fire your shot in all one go. You could say split that 30% into 10 and do 3% at a time
* So you short 3%, i.e. take 3% off at some level. If it falls and you anticipate a bounce but are still in a bullish trend, close that 3%. Put it back on higher. Rinse and repeat
* Splitting your pot into buckets simply means that if it keeps going then you can try again higher with a new 3%. If it keeps going higher, your core position is sitting great anyway and all you've done is take a 3% profit then another one. Using the futures you have a natural expiration date anyway so the chips will fall where they may by then which gives you a rolling "fresh start" so to speak
* It may be that after a few shorts that things fall and some are in profit, they could be closed and get profit there more than the "gainz" that were given up by taking earlier shorts lower
* It could be that all the shorts go into profit on some larger retrace. The average price of your shorts in total would then put you in profit across them all and you could close some or all of it and there you go, yield
* Some strategy could be formulated so that under certain circumstances there might be a signal for possible reversal. In that case, this short could be closed out some and put on again higher or some method of trading both sides could be fashioned so that you slowing get larger into the trend, whether or not it's the same trend continuing up or a reversal
* Yet again here I see that it's vital to test this, to throw the basic idea at data and charting to see it as working through the strategy would allow me to know if it's even viable plus give ideas about what really works and what doesn't
* So the conclusion is yet again to prioritize my coding, so that I have a robust and flexible codebase for testing. If I get that code on point, then imagine. I'd probably be able to run 5, 6 strategies in tandem with some going on a some points and others off, while some always on, with cash flowing efficiently between strategies. I'd even have strategies say for specifically trading newly released coins and to be able in a discretionary way just turn it on for certain coins with risk defined and let it rip. So... code code code