* Use the benefit of hindsight. Whatever trading strategy we have we apply it to all coin say on Binance for a certain time frame.
* We do **not** trade the coins we simply keep track of how much we would have made had we traded them. We also keep track of how much is made for segments of the time frame in order to know if we are increasingly making more profit, i.e. absolute momentum.
* What we are tracking is simply percentage price gain, no RSI, or anything like that. It’s as if we mock bought in and then see how we would have done at the end. Simple.
* At the end we sort the list by the amount made on each one from greatest to smallest, i.e. relative momentum/strength. Now we have both or momentum stats.
  * From https://www.investopedia.com/terms/r/relativestrength.asp - Calculating Relative Strength - There is more than one way to calculate an investment's relative strength. One method is to rank all investments within the same investment universe, such as tech stocks or mutual funds, and purchase the top performers. Another is to take the rate of change in a stock’s price, recorded over a specified period of time, and divide it by the rate of change in a relevant index over the same time period. The stock’s rate of change is divided by the benchmark's rate of change to get a relative strength value. If the value is greater than one, the investment is relatively strong; if the value is less than one, the investment is relatively weak.
* Going from top to bottom of the relative momentum list of coins we buy each one that still has a positive absolute momentum.
* We keep them for 1 time frame and then check the running list at the end. If they are still on it we keep it if not, we sell and replace it with a coin, if any, that has now taken up a spot in the list.
* Depending on the success of our actual entries on a coin a rating could be given to that coin and kept for the life of the coin such that it could be included as a small weight in determining if we get into that coin on future trades where it shows up on the list thereby even further learning from past trades.
  * We could make such a rating even for coins we don’t end up trading based on how much they would have made. This would help balance the strength of our overall algorithm’s choices against the reality of gains made by coins we may or may not have picked.
  * We can backtest all coins over a much larger time frame in order to give them a weight. An ema of sorts could be created from this so that simply looking at the coins with positively increasing ema’s that are higher up on the chart in terms of gains would be the ones we pick.
* For bonus points, on an exchange that allows shorting alts as well we could do this for those coins going both ways, seeing gains from shorts and longs and jumping in on the shorts as well when they factor up higher on the list. This would make us money even in bullish/bearish times. Depending on the time frame we pick we would be switching automatically based on past performance to being more heavily short as the market switches from bullish to bearish, possibly even catching bounces if the time frame is short enough.
  * Shorting would complicate things as well as limit our pool of coins so keep in mind that even without shorting, we essentially are shorting. There has to be a cutoff where you don’t buy a coin even if it is high up on the list, say its ema of gains/% price change is sloping down. Being in a stable coin while coins fall, is essentially shorting as the stable coin isn’t really static if your buying power is moving up as the coins fall.
* Another possible take on this is to take the top coin on the list and add into one batch of the funds. Then the next day, add another batch into the top coin showing then which may or may not be the same coin. Continue like this until all the batches are allocated. Each day thereafter we continue checking. If a coin we have not invested into now takes the top spot, we sell one batch from the bottom coin we are in and put it into the top coin. This may cause us to be exiting the bottom coin entirely if we only have one batch in it. Doing things this way would cause us to be rebalancing not just on a coin by coin basis with equal funds in each but rather automatically rewarding more funds to the better performing coins and taking funds out from the lesser performing coins in proportion to their slowing momentum without necessarily getting out entirely since by tomorrow that momentum could have turned. So from our list we could limit ourself to picking from the top 3 coins each time until we have invested 10 batches. Any day that one or all of the top 3 are not a coin that is on our top 3 we have the most batches in then we take one batch from the bottom weakest and enter in on the top coin and continue until the top 3 coins match up so that we have the most batches also in them. This could mean taking 3 batches from the bottom coin or it could mean 2 from that one then 1 from the next coin up.
* Set this up so that it can be:
  * Test on different time frames
  * Forward tested, i.e. paper trading