Listening to Wayne Himelsein on The Algorithmic Advantage podcast 030 and trying to make sense of his strategy
* His basic thesis is that people have all these trading strategies but when big moves happen (it seems primarily to the downside) they all lose money. So his idea is to be the one making $ when they lose $
* He tried many things and finally came to the idea of longing volatility. Primarily he was buying puts over time to "insure" against the downside. This did phenomenal during covid for instance
* However it bleeds the rest of the time and how does he position this for clients? Often the clients are looking to hedge their long positions. In times like covid when they did great, new clients come rushing in and then bleed off as the next couple of years they see the insurance they bought just bleed and bleed. So he thought well they need to do something about that, to do the long side as well in order to make it so that their portfolio bleeds little or not at all but in times of stress it prints a mint
* My understanding thus far then is that he's basically doing straddles, i.e. he's long volatility, buying both puts and calls. I imagine that he might delay on buying the calls but the puts are non-negotiable as that's the whole point
* This means that if the market remains flat then he bleeds the premium spent on both the calls and the puts
* So he keeps a certain minimum threshold of long puts and does mean reversion on the calls and puts around that. So if the market is up a bit and calls are in profit, he trims them. Down a bit and puts are in profit, he trims them (but without going below the threshold)
* If this works then he makes some $ to offset the premium bleed. All that needs to happen with this is for the market to move out of that pocket enough for one side of the straddle to be making more $ than the accumulated debit spent minus the profits made from mean reversion trading them
* If this works then even in an upward trending market he could be making $, though likely not as much as in he were just long
* I like this idea, it doesn't need to be a 100% this is the way to trade strategy but it's different enough and offers coverage of other strategies one might run because usually strategies are primarily long focussed. A short focussed strategy that benefits from down moves in the market is one of the ones in my idea of melding different kinds of strategies together that I want. This could be that

* On a separate note, it also got me thinking that one of the things I've learned in markets is that you have to pick your poison. By that I mean the dream is a holy grail strategy that makes money regardless of what the market is doing and never loses. That's what everyone tries to do when they go out trading and building strategies. However from my experience, I suspect that it's a much much simpler road to figure out all the ways to win and lose money in the market and then choose which ones you are ok with on the losing side. Fashion a strategy around saying "if this happens then I will lose and I'm ok with that". The advantage of this I think is that you really can win big from the other parts that win because you aren't cutting off your legs to spite your face all the time, that is to say you aren't always hedging somehow, trying to have your cake and eat it too. Worth exploring

* Another note is this idea of zero sum. One person makes 10k in the market, it means someone else or a group of others have cumulatively lost 10k. The brokers make a cut of everyone. So first of all, if I can be the broker, be the broker. Secondly though, the winners over the long haul are a small group. The majority just bleed out, winning big very very rarely and often not even banking those gains but the greater majority of the time they are either at break-even or at a loss or the long haul. This is nothing new but why fuss with so much complexity when the simple thing is to just counter-trade the majority? Yes this is a tricky thing to figure out but it's worth putting more thought and testing into
  * You aren't looking for the smart money. They lose too over the long haul, lots of them. Core to this thesis is that there is no smart money. Brokers make money from fees and so aren't really a consideration, they aren't the smart money. Lord knows even they don't manage their edge well either
  * You just simply need to know how are people positioned and take the other side while managing risk using all the ideas you've got/seen so far so that you don't lose while they are up
  * So maybe it's simply an idea of taking the other side of trades up to a threshold. Mean reversion trading both sides withing certain thresholds, i.e. closing a bit of your shorts and longs when they are in profit and re-adding over and over. Trend trading the 
  * Keeping in line with the previous separate note, you'd need to be ok being down pnl-wise when the market is going hard in one direction and everyone is happy, such as December 2017 when people are just throwing $ at stuff left and right and the next day they are up 20%. Remember those times. btc had hit just shy of 20k before that month even got going and after not even a month it was well on its way to 6k, eventually 3k. Even alts, had you kepts short inventory, you'd have made $ from funding and despite their massive pumps, they all went WAY down below whatever price you would have got those shorts at