- [ ] Consider assets like Mango and work up a strategy likely with Trading View that
    - [ ] Keep a ratio x:y:z between asset:trading:base asset that with each win it increases each pot slowly. The base asset, usually stable coin should also therefore have a floor that is continually rising giving you a min loss. Ideally over time it eclipses the initial investment putting it in a state where you can't lose anymore
    - [ ] Can revolve around just collecting the spread, market making. Again think Mango
    - [ ] Or test the idea of a fixed grid from the start and bands around price as it travels through the grid. Never realize losses but structure the logic so that you can play even when you break out of the concentrated pocket. Maybe it simply waits until it's far enough out of the pocket for the numbers to again align so that the losing part catches up and you can play again. So if you fall out the bottom of the pocket and have 65% in the asset, wait until it's low enough that the asset becomes 45% of the strategy and start playing again kind of thing
  - [ ] Don't forget, this is highly important because if we can get a Mean Reversion strategy that does not take away from the trend following one but actually compliments it, the returns aren't linear but exponential. Getting paid to take trades in defi, getting paid by using perps to hedge flat, etc. This is potential a huge multiplier to gainz, slow at first but it curves up over time to moon level
- [ ] Mean Reversion. Go off the trend strategy but buy/sell at the MA once trend signal is given and close at some multiple or based on historic averages