After years now of trying my hand at various strategies, seeing the pros and cons of each I’m now settling on using a simple options strategy as the core of trading. The main reason being that options offer a unique way to cover yourself with the risk premium paid up front that doesn’t change the deeper the price action goes against you. No other form of trading really does that where you can have exposure to say unlimited upside while limiting your downside. Various risk profiles can be constructed and using the expiration dates of options allows you to bypass the day to day chop of price action and capture more macro moves. Playing spot or futures, etc. means that you’re far more tied to the short term and have to get the direction, entry, exits, etc. right to a much higher degree in order to be profitable. Instead with options you can patiently capture much more of moves and always give a little of the profit back as insurance to not give back the rest of the profits once price has attained a certain level

### Strategy
* Buy an out of the money put. Cheaper since it’s out of the money. This covers the downside usd value. Buy as much as the account can handle without much liquidation risk
* Sell an in the money put, could even be deep in the money. This should be half the size of the previously sold put. The premium gathered here offsets the cost of the purchased put
* Buy spot. Here is the risky part in that I would buy alts. Buy up to half the value of the purchased option. They drop harder than btc when it drops so there is a liquidation risk. The purchased put is the general size of the spot position + the size of the sold put. So if things go down, the purchased put covers you for each point drop in btc. If we go up then our gain is whatever the alts gain - the debit spent for the option spread which in this case may even be a credit
* The amount the option spread covers you should be large enough to cover the whole account + some padding for the alts to lose greater on drops than btc + ideally more padding for you to buy any dip down to or below the strike price
* Before expiration, roll the option spread, possibly using new levels
* If before expiration the price moves up appreciably then:
  * Buy back the sold put, it’s now just premium and since there is volatility with the big move you can sell a higher or now at the money put which basically gives you a cheap way to move the sold put higher.
  * Then **WAIT** for consolidation (volatility to die down) and then buy the put to cover the downside. Emphasis on **wait**. We will see how things play out in practice but I believe when volatility spikes trying to buy puts ,even though they are out of the money, will be expensive. Instead wait for a consolidation to give you time and new levels in order to buy a meaningful strike price and to buy it for cheaper when volatility contracts
* If price drops appreciably then:
  * **WAIT** for volatility to die down and new levels established. We are already covered so we don’t want to be too early putting on a new spread, especially since things are expensive when volatility is high
  * Once you have new levels then close the previous spread and put on a new one

### Things to hash out
* Really the only way to get a feel for this is to try it. The numbers, volatility, expiration, how fast options do actually cover your usd value, etc. I can best get a feel for that by trying it. The goal is to work out the numbers so that your risk of liquidation is non-existent or minimal. Ideally even if there is a liquidation risk, there could be ways to cover if absolutely necessary, in such a fashion that you avoid or even gain from exactly the sort of thing that has skewered you so many times -> selling on the very bottom due to getting caught in the occasional liquidation events
* This is a slower strategy but with potentially big payoffs for big moves where you can even bank those profits without having to stress about when to bank profits. The expiration dates create a natural time “stop” of sorts as you have to make a decision when expiration nears as to what levels to play. If the market moves big before expiration then you can use some of that profit to fund a new spread, which causes you to have even more protection from the down side because on a seriously deep drop you’d essentially have the previous puts plus a new higher one, gaining you big $ if the price goes below the lower strike price. Imagine that -> making more $ the deeper the pullback, benefitting from black swan events and being able to buy **more** alts as a result
* Couple this with a complementary quicker strategy. Ideally this strategy plays the range between the upper and lower strike banking usd or more alts in a way that enhances overall profitability. 
  * I also want to look into how to hook relative strength into this so that I can be accumulating the better performing alts over time
  * Could also take advantage of funding i.e. make money with time by not closing positions but pairing futures with perps in order to benefit from funding while waiting for the range to resolve
  * It may be that I could use options as well to gain from sideways movements. For instance coupling this spread with sold out of the money calls and puts, i.e. covered calls and cash secured puts. The regular put would have to be large enough to cover this sold put as well and the covered call is sort of taking profits early to a certain price point. Should we get to that price point before expiration then it would mean that the account has gained ground up until then and presents you with an opportunity/necessity to put on another spread, in essence locking in profits. Will have to test what the costs are and how things decay in order to work the math out if this is worthwhile
* How to do this algorithmically. The FTX api does offer access to options. I can’t use quant zone for the options part of the strategy but that’s actually fine as it’s a slow strategy that doesn’t need to run every 15 seconds or anything. After some manual testing and really pinning down the strategy I can code it to run from a VPS
* If I can find a decent decentralized options platform with api/smart contract access then it would be a perfect project to learn blockchain programming. If it’s successful then it could be my ticket to actually building in the space and consequently making much bigger buckaroos
* September 10th (payday) is coming plus we have a bonus from work already paid out so perhaps it makes sense to use those funds instead for testing instead of liquidating my defi positions and things like $woo. Am I satisfied with what I’m doing with those funds now? How could I use them to compliment the new path I’m taking, hedge it or could it be some sort of hodl stash?

### What to do now
* TradingView
  * Volatility
  * Spec out quarterly price action
* From zero both sides of the spread need to be done at the same time. This is best done during lower volatility so let’s wait for the next pump or dump and the new range to be established then put on the spread. If things pop then sell most things outside FTX and use that to run the first test
* From my funds outside FTX I would like to hang on to:
  * $mCoin - Coinbase stock and I can’t really get exposure to this from FTX
  * $lina - Just sit in this one as it’s a pain the ass to get off while they have some rewards locked. Brilliant fuckers
  * $cumrockets - hey, this is my new dime token, my new long shot play. Hopefully it eventually pulls a DOGE, I’ve only got a few $ in it so why not
  * $watch - gives me access to yield watcher and I don’t have much in it anyway
  * $tenfi and $swamp, again, so little $ in them I might as well keep them
  * The big question is $woo as I have enough funds in there to make a difference if I apply them to this strategy. However I think it’s a long-term play that could pull an exchange token run similar to bnb, FTT, etc. I don’t mind using that for this strategy **if** the strategy is successful but I’m hesitant to pull those funds and fail at this strategy only to then watch $woo go to $100